client

1)
username:sky
first_name:Brian Miguel
last_name:Nuñez Herrera
email:brian.zenun21@gmail.com
password:skyline21

2)
username:amaflor
first_name:Amada Natali
last_name:Vargas Hernandez
email:ama.vargas.hernandez@gmail.com
password:15fqe#$%#$

3)
username:cris
first_name:Cristobal Mario
last_name:Venegas Valdes
email:cristobalvenegas001@gmail.com
password:contraseña

4)
username:sgto
first_name:Santiago Fidel
last_name:Urquieta Poblete
email:surqueta_307@hotmail.com
password:haskjdfa3$%

5)
username:Camilo2
first_name:Camilo Secto
last_name:Garrido Araya
email:camilog@gmail.com
password:cgarrido..

6)
username:Robert
first_name:Roberto Fotocopia
last_name:Urrutia Caceres
email:rurrutia@gmail.com
password:roberto2021

7)
username:Sofia25
first_name:Sofia Esperanza
last_name:Arriagada Avalos
email:arriagadas@gmail.com
password:sofi1456.-

8)
username:Carol
first_name:Carolina Marcela
last_name:Barrientos Perez
email:carolb@gmail.com
password:carol2022

9)
username:Juanca
first_name:Juan Carlos
last_name:Parada Barrios
email:juancp@gmail.com
password:juanca26

10)
username:Paty
first_name:Patricia Melani
last_name:Campos Costa
email:patriciac@gmail.com
password:patriciac

11)
username:Cris45
first_name:Cristian Carlos
last_name:Olmedo Ojeda
email:crisolmedo@gmail.com
password:crisolmedo

12)
username:Nico
first_name:Nicolás Mauricio
last_name:Alvarez Herrera
email:nicoalvarez@gmail.com
password:nico8735-

13)
username:Edu
first_name:Eduardo Andres
last_name:Opazo Placeres
email:eduardoo@gmail.com
password:eduardoO25

14)
username:Taty
first_name:Tatiana Margarita
last_name:Gonzalez Flores
email:tatyg20@gmail.com
password:tatyg2021

15)
username:Vale
first_name:San Valentin
last_name:Estay Marruecos
email:valeestay@gmail.com
password:valeestay

16)
username:Andrea35
first_name:Andrea Paredes
last_name:Gacitua Golden
email:agacitua@gmail.com
password:andreag..

17)
username:Pascu18
first_name:Pascuala Venado
last_name:Valdivia Fuente
email:pascu28@gmail.com
password:Pascuala28

18)
username:Domi19
first_name:Dominga Saturday
last_name:Cuadra Melo
email:domicuadra@gmail.com
password:dominga19

19)
username:Jessy
first_name:Jessenia Parquert
last_name:Fuentes Salinas
email:jessyf@gmail.com
password:jessyf39.-

20)
username:Tamy
first_name:Tamara Luz
last_name:Apablaza Lazcano
email:tamy.apablaza@gmail.com
password:tamara10..

21)
username:Ricardo
first_name:Ricardo Machucado
last_name:Sepulveda Mondaca
email:ricard50@gmail.com
password:ricard50$#

22)
username:Laura30
first_name:Laura Lucero
last_name:Espinoza Paz
email:l.espinoza@gmail.com
password:lespinoza30

23)
username:Kas
first_name:Kassandra Maldonado
last_name:Rebolledo Nuggest
email:kas.rebolledo@gmail.com
password:kasrebolledo

24)
username:Sara33
first_name:Sara Conor
last_name:Ulloa Castrosa
email:saraulloa@gmail.com
password:s#$%15325X